Update priority range for PSResourceRepository to 0-100 (#741)
PowerShell/PowerShellGet: help/Register-PSResourceRepository.md

### -Priority
Specifies the priority ranking of the repository.

> Repositories with higher ranking priority are searched before a lower ranking priority one, when searching for a repository item across multiple registered repositories. Valid priority values range from 0 to 100, such that a lower numeric value (i.e 10) corresponds to a higher priority ranking than a higher numeric value (i.e 40). Has default value of 50.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repositories with higher ranking priority are searched before a lower ranking priority one, when searching for a repository item across multiple registered repositories. Valid priority values range from 0 to 100, such that a lower numeric value (i.e 10) corresponds to a higher priority ranking than a higher numeric value (i.e 80). Has default middle value of 50.
```
